---
title: Help wanted!
author: jordan-bisanz
---
!-- excerpt start -->
**Job Description:**
The Bisanz lab in the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and One Health Microbiome Center at The Pennsylvania State University (University Park, PA) is searching for a full-time Research Technologist 1. The candidate will join a growing and dynamic team dedicated to understanding how the microbes of the human body (the microbiome) impact health and disease.

The candidate’s responsibilities will include research activities, maintenance of cutting-edge equipment, supervision of lower level staff and/or students, and administrative tasks including inventory management and purchasing. This position is well suited to recent graduates interested in a career in biotechnology and/or attending graduate school; however, all qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.

**Education and Experience:**
This position typically requires a Bachelor's degree or higher plus 1 year of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. The candidate will have a minimum of a Bachelor of Science in a relevant field of the life sciences, or equivalent experience. Applicants must demonstrate that they are detail oriented, highly self-motivated, organized, and be enthusiastic to work both individually and as part of a collaborative and multidisciplinary team. The applicant must have non-course based lab experience and/or previous experience working in a laboratory technician role. 

**Additional Information:**
Applications must be submitted electronically and include a resume or CV, contact information for 2-3 references, and a cover letter detailing your relevant experiences and how you will contribute to building an inclusive lab culture.
<br>
To apply please visit [here](https://psu.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/PSU_Staff/job/Penn-State-University-Park/Job-Posting-Title-Research-Technologist-1_REQ_0000049150-1).
!-- excerpt end -->